ISI
RT

points ETU0 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU1 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU2 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU3 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU4 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU5 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU6 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU7 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU8 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU9 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU10 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU11 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU12 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU13 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU14 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU15 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU16 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU17 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU18 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU19 4 4 4 4 4
strategy ETU0 random
strategy ETU1 random
strategy ETU2 random
strategy ETU3 random
strategy ETU4 random
strategy ETU5 random
strategy ETU6 random
strategy ETU7 random
strategy ETU8 random
strategy ETU9 random
strategy ETU10 random
strategy ETU11 random
strategy ETU12 random
strategy ETU13 random
strategy ETU14 random
strategy ETU15 random
strategy ETU16 random
strategy ETU17 random
strategy ETU18 random
strategy ETU19 random
reservist ETU0
reservist ETU1
reservist ETU2
reservist ETU3
reservist ETU4
elite ETU0
elite ETU1
elite ETU2
elite ETU3
master ETU4

points ETU20 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU21 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU22 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU23 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU24 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU25 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU26 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU27 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU28 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU29 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU30 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU31 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU32 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU33 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU34 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU35 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU36 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU37 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU38 4 4 4 4 4
points ETU39 4 4 4 4 4
strategy ETU20 random
strategy ETU21 random
strategy ETU22 random
strategy ETU23 random
strategy ETU24 random
strategy ETU25 random
strategy ETU26 random
strategy ETU27 random
strategy ETU28 random
strategy ETU29 random
strategy ETU30 random
strategy ETU31 random
strategy ETU32 random
strategy ETU33 random
strategy ETU34 random
strategy ETU35 random
strategy ETU36 random
strategy ETU37 random
strategy ETU38 random
strategy ETU39 random
reservist ETU20
reservist ETU21
reservist ETU22
reservist ETU23
reservist ETU24
elite ETU20
elite ETU21
elite ETU22
elite ETU23
master ETU24

place ETU0 BBL
place ETU1 BDE
place ETU2 QAD
place ETU3 HID
place ETU4 HSP
place ETU5 BBL
place ETU6 BDE
place ETU7 QAD
place ETU8 HID
place ETU9 HSP
place ETU10 BBL
place ETU11 BDE
place ETU12 QAD
place ETU13 HID
place ETU14 HSP
place ETU15 BBL
place ETU16 BDE
place ETU17 QAD
place ETU18 HID
place ETU19 HSP

place ETU20 BBL
place ETU21 BDE
place ETU22 QAD
place ETU23 HID
place ETU24 HSP
place ETU25 BBL
place ETU26 BDE
place ETU27 QAD
place ETU28 HID
place ETU29 HSP
place ETU30 BBL
place ETU31 BDE
place ETU32 QAD
place ETU33 HID
place ETU34 HSP
place ETU35 BBL
place ETU36 BDE
place ETU37 QAD
place ETU38 HID
place ETU39 HSP

